# UC011 - Register vaccine

## 1. Requirements Engineering

### 1.1. Primary Actor
Administrator

### 1.2. Stakeholders and interests
Administrator: Wants to register a vaccine in the system.
SNS: Wants to control the different type of vaccines that are registered into the system.
SNS User: Wants to choose a vaccine from the list of registered vaccines.

### 1.3. Preconditions
Administrator: Must be logged into the system and have the vaccine tests all formally made and certified
SNS: Only allows certified vaccines to be added into the system

### 1.4. Success Guarantee
New vaccine registered into the system.

### 1.5. Main Success Scenario
1. The administrator starts the process of registering a new vaccine type.
2. The system shows the list of types of vaccines and asks for a name, brand, vaccine type.
3. The administrator fills the requested data.
4. The system validates and asks for confirmation.
5. The administrator confirms.
6. The system records the information and notifies the success of the operation.


### 1.6. Extensions
1. The administrator asks to cancel the registration of the vaccine type.
2. The use case ends
3. The system detects invalid data
4. The system notifies which is the problem
5. The system allows the correction


### 1.7. Special Requirements

1. AC011-01: The attributes that should be used to describe a Vaccine are: Id (automatic),
Name, Brand and Vaccine Type.
2. AC011-02: The Vaccine Type must be selected from a list displayed to the user.
3. AC011-03: The attributes Name and Brand must not have special characters.
4. AC011-04: The Id is a numeric code that starts at 1 and is generated sequentially

### 1.8. Technology and Data Variations List

### 1.9. Frequency of occurrence

Very rare: It only happens when a new vaccine is created. 

### 1.10. Open issues