# UC020 - I want to register a SNS usr

## 1. Requirements Engineering

### 1.1. Primary Actor
Receptionist

### 1.2. Stakeholders and interests
Receptionist: Wants to register a new SNS user in the system.
SNS User: Wants to be registered in the system.

### 1.3. Preconditions
Receptionist: Log'ed into the system.

### 1.4. Success Guarantee 
A new SNS user is registered in the system

### 1.5. Main Success Scenario
1. The receptionist starts the process of registering a new SNS user.
2. The system shows asks Name, Birth Date, Sex, Postal Address, Phone Number, E-mail Address, Citizen Card Number and SNS User Number. The Sex attribute is optional
3. The administrator fills the requested data.
4. The system validates and asks for confirmation.
5. The administrator confirms.
6. The system records the information and notifies the success of the operation.

### 1.6. Extensions
*a. The administrator asks to cancel the registration of the new user.
1. The use case ends
4a. The system detects invalid data
1. The system notifies which is the problem
2. The system allows the correction (step 3)

### 1.7. Special Requirements
1. AC020-01: The attributes that should be used to describe a SNS user are: Name, Birth Date, Sex, Postal Address, Phone Number, E-mail Address, Citizen Card Number and
SNS User Number. The Sex attribute is optional. All other fields are required.
2. AC020-02: The Phone Number and the Citizen Card Number must have a “portuguese
format”.
3. AC020-03: The Phone Number, E-mail Address, Citizen Card Number and SNS User Number
should be unique for each SNS user.
### 1.8. Technology and Data Variations List

### 1.9. Frequency of occurrence
Very Common. It will be executed eveytime a new user wants be registered into the system.  

### 1.10. Open issues
